ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-enrichedauditlogssettings.md

---
title: "enrichedAuditLogsSettings resource type"

> description: "Represents a configuration object that centralizes enriched audit logs settings related to speficic M365 workload"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a configuration object that centralizes enriched audit logs settings related to specific Microsoft 365 workload."
```

> description: "The enriched audit logs settings will be organized in an expandable object to centralize all future feature-relevant settings. At present, it only includes the 'status' setting, which indicates whether the enrichment is turned on or off for that particular workload"

Reviewer: The only thing this complex type does is set the state.
```suggestion
description: "Defines whether the enriched logs setting is enabled for the service."
```

author: Moti-ba
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# enrichedAuditLogsSettings resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents a configuration object that centralizes enriched audit logs settings related to speficic M365 workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a configuration object that centralizes enriched audit logs settings related to speficic Microsoft 365 workload.
```

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |status|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Define the current status of the enrichment feature for a particular workload.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|status|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Define the current status of the enrichment feature for a particular workload.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|
```

> The enriched audit logs settings will be organized in an expandable object to centralize all future feature-relevant settings. At present, it only includes the 'status' setting, which indicates whether the enrichment is turned on or off for that particular workload

Reviewer: Match with the metadata description above.

> |status|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Indicate if Global Secure Access should enrich audit logs.The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|status|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Indicate whether the Global Secure Access service should enrich audit logs for the associated service that has a linked traffic profile. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```
